everybody pop your pussy like this don't
stop don't miss hey guys- article and I
didn't make a video last week because I
was sick I have a different background
today because I infected my dad with my
sickness so my parents bedroom where
usually film is now a battleground of
germs if I wanted to film there I would
probably need a plastic suit or you know
get a pool and by get him at the video
without youtuber called coronita tagged
me enough just girly things tag let's
get the video then boys show you that
emotional side where's not peanut butter
I i ate the last of it playing with your
hair when you're born I think that the
ones you love in the phone all day long
oh my god she's such a stupid bitch yeah
I told him it wasn't his baby ah I told
her it wasn't a big deal it's only
pregnancy then I was like but okay my
macho guy like that and pops on us
alright but Duncan your abs and then I
said of course I'll give you your baby
back and gonna stab didn't it it's time
okay bye let me do mom when you're safe
song starts playing all you ladies pop
your pussy like this shake your body
don't stop don't miss all you ladies pop
don't stop don't please just do it do it
do it do it
being noticed by him
no when boys cook for you liking the boy
you can never have the way he looks at
you laughing about everything without
having any reason wow this bitch stupid
oh my god oh my god my brain is like put
it the feeling you get when you buy a
new outfit okay so those are all the
scenarios if you enjoyed watching the
video give me a thumbs up and click
below on the squirrel to subscribe you
can also check out the other videos I
make I make them every saturdays so your
best click on squirrel also click on
Cornelius picture you'll also find his
link in the description along with my
snapchat Instagram Twitter that's it I
love you bye